User Guide

Build 2
19 NOVEMBER, 2022

Prepared by: CS 499-02


Prepared for: The American’s Women Group in Paris















To Create an Authorized Application:

1. LogIn as an administrative user
2. In the sidebar menu, select Settings

3. In Settings, select Authorized Applications

4. At the top of the screen, click “Authorize Application” to create a new authorized application. 
5. Select the type of authorized application, then click “Continue”.

6. Enter the application name and select the level of access for the application.
7. If no Client Secret is displayed, click “Generate Client Secret”. 
8. Note that the Client Secret and API key shown on this screen will be needed when writing scripts to interact with the database. 
9. Click “Save” at the top of the screen. 


Clone the GitHub repository at https://github.com/sethhonea/499 before proceeding to the next section.
1. Navigate to the URL above.
2. Select the <> Code button to view a drop-down list of clone options.
3. Select one of the options to clone the repository to your local computer.
4. Open the directory containing the cloned files for the remaining steps below.


Export Data:
1. In export.py, look for the following two lines:
2. Replace these strings with your API Key/Client ID, Client Secret, username, and password.
3. Run export.py
4. Members, archived members, events, donations, and invoices will be exported into your local project directory as csv files. 


Import Data:
1. In import_members.py and import_events.py, look for the following two lines:
2. Replace these strings with your API Key/Client ID, Client Secret, username, and password in each of the files. 
3. Run import_members.py
a. Members located in the test_exported_members.csv will be added to the database if they do not already exist. If using a different file to upload members, please change the filename located in line 58 and format the file to be the same as test_exported_members.csv. 
4. Run import_events.py
a. All events located in the test_exported_events.csv will be added to the database. If using a different file to upload events, change the filename located in line 43 and format the file to be the same as test_exported_events.csv. 







